Use NetworkTables for diagnostic logs (#69)
frc3512/Robot-2020: README.md

Doxygen 1.8.18 needs to be installed. The HTML documentation will be generated
in `docs/html` with an index.html page as the root.

## Logging

* Make sure to have FRC toolchain from the setup section.

> * Open the tools directory `~/wpilib/2020/tools` and run `Python3 ToolsUpdater.py`.
> * Open outline viewer and set the server location to 10.35.12.2, the default port will work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Open the tools directory `~/wpilib/2020/tools` and run `python3 ToolsUpdater.py`.
* Open OutlineViewer by running `python3 OutlineViewer.py` and set the server location to 10.35.12.2. The default port will work.
```
